---
title: Media Diet - Sep, 2020
description: what was on my media list for Sep, 2020.
image: 
date: 2020-09-15 14:30:47 +0300
categories: Quotes

---

A quick reviews of some things I’ve read, seen, heard, and experienced in the past month and a half.
<!-- more -->
<small>
📺  *Watching*

I have been watching Billions S2 (B-) the story line is starting to get predictable. 

But, Greyhound (B+) was fantastic, i had watched a documentary and seeing the movie was a cherry on top of it. 

Rewatched Pulp Fiction (A-), as always fascinated by  Tarantino works. 

And yes i managed to binge watch all eps of The 100 (C) in just 3 days. It was cool, but too many resets and bad camera angles so lots of skips i did.


🎧 *Listening*

Story of the African Mob - Navy Kenzo (B) is an amazing work. One i did listen despite my no listening to trending songs policy when it comes to afropop

Ear candy! that what SOUTHSIDE -Sam Hunt (B+)album is,& his speak/sing style .

I enjoyed Tim's interview with Brain Pickings Maria’s Papova (B+) especially her views on routines;

> So, I'm a little bit reluctant to discuss routine as some holy grail of creative process because it's just really – it's a crutch.

Ça c'est fait by Souf (B+) is on Repeat.

📚 *Reading*

I Will Teach You To Be Rich by Rami Seth (B) who knows, maybe i will😂.

Allergies (articles from pubmed & Nelson Textbook). Modern kids nowadays are allergic to everything! Thought i should read more about it.

Oh and Mere Christianity by CS. Lewis (A+) reading it for a 3rd time. Absolute gold.  
